docs: update pilot-testing readme (#117)
sine-fdn/ileap-extension: pilot-testing/README.md

| ----------------------------- | ------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `hello`                       | `pathfinder`  | Global access to all sample data                               |
| `transport_service_user`      | `ileap`       | User is a (demo) shipper. Access to ShipmentFootprints and TAD |
| `transport_service_organizer` | `ileap`       | User is (demo) LSP. Access to TOCs, HOCs, and TAD              |
| `random_data`                 | `random_data` | Access to randomly generated iLEAP data                        |

Furthermore, you can find a Swagger UI related to above here: [https://api.ileap.sine.dev/swagger-ui/index.html](https://api.ileap.sine.dev/swagger-ui/index.html)

### ACT (Automated Conformance Testing)

SINE is implementing ACT, an Automated Conformance Testing tool that will allow you to test your implementation against the iLEAP Tech Specs.

The Web version of ACT is available at [https://act.sine.dev](https://act.sine.dev). We also aim to provide the possibility of integrating ACT in your CI/CD pipeline. Please find more information [here](https://github.com/sine-fdn/act).

> Please note that ACT is currently in its beta phase. If you have any questions or feedback, please get in touch with [Martin](mailto:martin@sine.foundation) or [Raimundo](mailto:raimundo@sine.foundation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that ACT is currently in its beta phase. If you have any questions or feedback, please get in touch with us through [act-feedback@sine.dev](mailto:act-feedback@sine.dev).
```
